Genius, because of its otherworldly nature, is often interpreted as weirdness. But “weirdness" is also what fuels the advancement of technology, which moves at such a rapid pace that many of us can't even keep up with it. It may be weird, but it's Goodweird. Thanks to the ingenuity of a select few, new innovations get released to the market all the time, and whether they're brand new ideas or enhancements to existing ones, new tech products have the potential to change the way we interact with the world around us. Let's look at seven of the latest Goodweird innovations that could become real game changers going forward.

1) Tado Smart Air Conditioner Control
Due to growing concerns about energy consumption, the boom in “green" technology isn't going to be slowing down anytime soon, and the Tado smart AC control system is just the latest example. Using an infrared connection, the Tado serves as a remote for your once one-note air conditioner that you can control from the corresponding smartphone app. This allows consumers to set their homes to a comfortable temperature minutes before they arrive home, while saving energy costs during their time away.



2) Belty, the smart belt
One of the ways in which “weird" people tend to stick out is how they dress, often eschewing traditional fashion tropes for more useful clothes or accessories. Yet if one is able to harness both practicality and fashion in one product, then you could be on to something. It's with that in mind that Belty, a chic smart belt, stands out from the pack in a market overwhelmed with fitness tracker solutions. In addition to tracking the wearer's energy output throughout the day, it also serves as an exercise motivational tool by vibrating when you've been sedentary for too long. To make Belty even more enticing, it's the rare wearable technological device that is doubly practical, as it's also capable of adjusting itself for maximum comfort. So go ahead and enjoy that donut!



3) Lenovo Smart Sneakers
Lenovo has established itself as both a leader and a trend setter in the realm of Internet of Things (IoT) technology, and its concept smart shoes (though not yet in production) are perfectly emblematic of that. For starters, unlike a lot of wearables, these actually have a sleek, stylish design while also serving several practical purposes such as tracking and analyzing fitness data metrics like the wearer's calorie consumption, as well as displaying maps and directions to your next destination. And with a healthy dose of fun features like a screen that displays your mood, it's safe to say that these kicks will be blazing a new path in the months and years ahead.



4) Haier Smart Window Refrigerator
Ever wonder how much energy you're wasting when you stand in front of the refrigerator with the door open while you look for something to eat? What if you could just see right into the fridge? The Haier Smart Winder Refrigerator allows you to do just that, as the normally opaque door lights up and turns translucent when someone approaches it, before returning to its normal state when they walk away or close the door. If nothing else, the smart window technology is a jaw-dropping sight that will delight people when they see it in action. Another example of something being pretty weird, yet also fascinating.



5) Dyson Bladeless Fan
In an effort to solve the problem of the hazard that whirring fans create, plus the uneven airflow that they provide and space they take up doing it, Dyson has created the bladeless fan. Though somewhat of a misnomer as there is a small motor and rotating blades built into the design, they are concealed in the base of the device, as the air is transferred and distributed evenly through an open circular tube. The result is a quieter, more efficient way to stay cool.



6) Lexus Hoverboard
A kid in school who loves to play with magnets is probably considered pretty weird by his classmates, but look where it can take him. Just as we've seen in the movies, the year 2015 has finally seen the development of a legitimate hoverboard. Known mainly for their luxury automobiles, Lexus has figured out how to create the necessary magnetic effect to make a board hover in the air – even with a person standing on it – using cooling techniques and an electric current. The technology is still in its early stages, so the board is still not cost-effective enough for mass market use, but this exciting development could lead to great things in the future.



7) Lenovo YOGA Tablet 3 PRO
Lenovo continued its groundbreaking work in the field of personal computing with the release of the latest additions to the YOGA series. The YOGA tablet wowed users when it first hit the market a few years ago with its quirky design, crisp display and impressive processing power, and the third version continues in that tradition. No longer just a tablet, the YOGA Tab 3 Pro doubles as a projector, and comes complete with a booming sound system unmatched by any other tablet on the market. A tablet that's capable of turning any room into a viewing theater? Now that's Goodweird!